readme : fix typo (#3043)
ggerganov/llama.cpp: README.md

- #### hipBLAS

>   This provide BLAS acceleration on HIP supported GPU like AMD GPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This provides BLAS acceleration on HIP-supported AMD GPUs.
```
